feat: allow multi app-ids and auths for fcm (#1344)
mozilla-services/autopush: docs/running.rst

Notes on GCM/FCM support
------------------------

*Note*: GCM is no longer supported by Google. Some legacy users can still use GCM,
but it is strongly recommended that applications use FCM.

Autopush is capable of routing messages over Firebase
Cloud Messaging for android devices. You will need to set up a valid
`FCM`_ account. Once you have an account open the Google Developer Console:

* create a new project. Record the Project Number as "SENDER_ID". You will need
  this value for your android application.

* in the ``.autopush_endpoint`` server config file:

   * add ``fcm_enabled`` to enable FCM routing.

   * add ``fcm_creds``. This is a json block with the following format:

     {"**app id**": {"projectid": "**project id name**", "auth": "**path to Private Key File**"}, ...}

where:

> **profile_name**: the URL identifier to be used when registering endpoints. (e.g. if "reference_test" is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**app id**: the URL identifier to be used when registering endpoints. (e.g. if "reference_test" is
```
